MODULES_MANAGER_V2
cal1|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\cals\cal1.py
extration.__init__|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\extration\__init__.py
extration.assigneeStatistic|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\extration\assigneeStatistic.py
extration.test|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\extration\test.py
test.__init__|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\__init__.py
test.addressbook|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\addressbook.py
test.backup_ver3|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\backup_ver3.py
test.binary_tree|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\binary_tree.py
test.cat|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\cat.py
test.datastructure|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\datastructure.py
test.finally|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\finally.py
test.inherit|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\inherit.py
test.more_python|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\more_python.py
test.objvar|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\objvar.py
test.pickling|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\pickling.py
test.raising|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\raising.py
test.test1|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\test1.py
test.test2|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\test2.py
test.test3|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\test3.py
test.test4|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\test4.py
test.testcopy|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\testcopy.py
test.try_except|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\try_except.py
test.using_file|D:\Users\xukexin\Workspaces\MyEclipse 9\DataPreprocessing\test\using_file.py
